# API

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="152.81317138671875"></th><th width="111.7677001953125"></th><th width="241.436767578125"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>API Path</strong></td><td><strong>Method</strong></td><td><strong>Description</strong></td><td><strong>Changes done in release-1.2.2.0</strong></td></tr><tr><td>/policies</td><td>GET</td><td>Service to get policies</td><td>No changes made in release 1.2.2.0</td></tr><tr><td>/policies</td><td>POST</td><td>Service to create a new authentication, data sharing, or credential policy.</td><td>Handled missing 'Empty Array and Empty String' Schema Validation</td></tr><tr><td>/policies/{policyId}</td><td>GET</td><td>Service to retrieve the details of a specific policy by its ID.</td><td>No changes made in release 1.2.2.0</td></tr><tr><td>/policies/{policyId}</td><td>PUT</td><td>Service to update policy details</td><td>No changes made in release 1.2.2.0</td></tr><tr><td>/policies/{policyId}</td><td>PATCH</td><td>This endpoint deactivates a policy based on the Policy Id. It checks if any policy requests are associated with the policy: it can be deactivated if there are no requests or if there are rejected requests. It cannot be deactivated if there are approved or pending requests, returning error codes PMS_POL_063 or PMS_POL_064, respectively. This endpoint is configured for the <strong>POLICYMANAGER</strong> or <strong>PARTNER_ADMIN</strong> roles.</td><td>Newly added in release 1.2.2.0</td></tr><tr><td>/policies/{policyId}/group/{policygroupId}/publish</td><td>POST</td><td>Service to publish policy</td><td>No changes made in release 1.2.2.0</td></tr><tr><td>/policies/active/group/{groupName}</td><td>GET</td><td>Service to get active policy details for policy group name</td><td>No changes made in release 1.2.2.0</td></tr><tr><td>/policies/group/{policygroupId}</td><td>GET</td><td>Service to get policy group</td><td>No changes made in release 1.2.2.0</td></tr><tr><td>/policies/group/{policyGroupId}</td><td>PATCH</td><td>Service for Partner Admin users to deactivate a Policy Group based on the Policy Group Id. It is configured for the <strong>POLICYMANAGER</strong> or <strong>PARTNER_ADMIN</strong> roles.</td><td>Newly added in release 1.2.2.0</td></tr><tr><td>/policies/group/new</td><td>POST</td><td>Service to create a new policy group</td><td>No changes made in release 1.2.2.0</td></tr><tr><td>/policies/group/search</td><td>POST</td><td>Service to search policy group</td><td>No changes made in release 1.2.2.0</td></tr><tr><td>/policies/policy-groups</td><td>GET</td><td>Service to retrieve details about all active Policy Groups</td><td>Newly added in release 1.2.2.0</td></tr><tr><td>/policies/v2</td><td>GET</td><td>Service to retrieve the list of all Policies. It is configured for the <strong>POLICYMANAGER</strong> or <strong>PARTNER_ADMIN</strong> roles.</td><td>Newly added in release 1.2.2.0</td></tr></tbody></table>

